# App folder structure

## Bootstrap file

This is the content of the `index.js` bootstrap file.
The path given to the `boot` function is the path to the main app directory.

```js
import { join as pathJoin } from 'path';
import { boot } from '@mighty-multitask-server/boot';

if (import.meta.filename !== process.argv[1]) {
    console.error('This file should only be used as the main entry point');
    process.exit(1);
}
boot(pathJoin(import.meta.dirname, 'src/app'));
```

See [App loading flow](2.%20app%20loading%20flow.md) for more information.

## Main app directory structure

- `config/`: A directory that contains core configuration files.
- `code/`: A directory that contains app modules.
- `lib/`: A directory that contains libraries that can be used in the app modules.

### Config folder

- All `.js` files are sorted by name and loaded in that order.
  If a setting is defined in multiple files, the last one will be used.
- `env.js`: Contains config settings that are machine/environment specific.

The config file structure will be explained in [Global config settings](./3.%20Global%20config%20settings.md).

### Code folder
- Contains vendor folder (folders that represent a vendor or a third-party library).
- Each vendor folder contains modules that contain a part of the app logic/configuration.
- Other than a few mandatory files, the structure of the module is up to the developer.

Example structure
```
app/
    code/
        vendorName/
            moduleName/
                config/
                    webserver_config.js
                    api_config.js
                    ...
```

#### Mandatory files and folders
- module.js: Contains the module definition.
- config/: Contains configuration files. Each type of configuration has their own name.
           When a setting of a certain name is collected, it is done through all modules.
           The order of the modules depends on the loading order of the modules.
