# Global config settings

## Config file content
The global config files are a collection of files where each file exports
config data. All global config files are located in the `app/config` directory,
and in the current convention there are only 2 files relevant:

- `app/config/config.js`
- `app/config/env.js`

However, in reality these files can currently have any name as long as they are
placed inside the `app/config` directory and are a `.js` file.
The files are loaded in alphabetic order and overwrites colliding settings.

In order to prevent secrets from leaking inside the repositories, the `env.js`
file should be listed in the `.gitignore` list, should never be committed,
and secrets should be added to this file rather than the `config.js` file

The settings are only loaded once at the startup of the app.
Only values that can be calculated at the time of the import should be used.
Values that can only be calculated async are discouraged.

Example:
```js
import { join as pathJoin } from 'path';

export default {
    setting1: 'value1',
    setting2: 'value2',
    setting3: pathJoin('value3', 'value4'),
};
```

## Config file structure

### appModules

This group of settings contain information about the app modules.

`appPaths`: The location of modules in the app. Inside each of the path are vendor folders located.
            Each vendor folder may contain multiple modules.
`appPackages`: Contains references to modules that can be imported in case the app module is defined in an external package (for example nodejs modules).
`excludedModules`: A list of modules that should not be loaded. The structure is `VendorName/ModuleName`.

### web server settings

`hostname`: The hostname the web server should listen on.
`port`: The port the web server should listen on.

## Instances

The instances are resources like databases and web servers that need to be started before the app can start. The instance boot functions should be added to the global config file.

An instance boot function receives 1 parameter, the global state object.

## Example config.js file
```js
import { join as pathJoin } from 'path';
import { instance1 } from './instances/instance1';

function instance2(state) {
    // Do something

    state.instances.instance2 = {
        // An instance object
    }
}

export default {
    appModules: {
        appPaths: {
            'vendor1': pathJoin(__dirname, 'vendor1'),
            'vendor2': pathJoin(__dirname, 'vendor2'),
        },
        appPackages: {
            '@mighty-multitask-server/core-api',
            '@mighty-multitask-server/admin-panel',
        },
        excludedModules: [
            'vendor1/module1',
            'vendor2/module2',
        ],
    },
    webServer: {
        hostname: 'localhost',
        port: 3000,
    },
    instances: [
        instance1,
        instance2,
    ],
};